Chris Alliman MD: Alright, this is Dr. Alan. This is New Mexico for April 7 a new patient intake Ryan Robertson, it's actual actually a read intake.
Chris Alliman MD: Date of birth, it is February 21 1992
Ryan Robertson: Chris, how you doing,
Chris Alliman MD: Hey, I'm doing good. It's good to see you again.
Ryan Robertson: Yes, I see you're sensing
Chris Alliman MD: Very good, very good.
Chris Alliman MD: Looking back a little bit and it looks like the last time we had you come in through was just before Christmas somewhere mid
Ryan Robertson: Mid desert.
Chris Alliman MD: Does that sound right.
Ryan Robertson: Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, so catch me up what happened between then and now.
Ryan Robertson: Just relapse, you know, go back on heroin.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, when, when did that happen.
Ryan Robertson: Right before Christmas, say, but a week prior to Christmas.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And what's what's been happening for you since then.
Ryan Robertson: Just been doing heroin every day, pretty much.
Ryan Robertson: Okay. Only got finally got tired of it.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah.
Ryan Robertson: Tired of having to worry about. You're going to hustle or been seeking
Ryan Robertson: You know, just getting tiring and I don't want to end up. I know what eventually happened either jails institutions or death so
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah yeah
Chris Alliman MD: You know, I was a little worried for that for you that maybe you were in jail.
Chris Alliman MD: I haven't been doing nothing. Don't get me to Joe like know stealing and that's
Ryan Robertson: Just
Ryan Robertson: Tired of it, man, sort of, you know, medication.
Chris Alliman MD: So you said you've been using heroin just about daily
Ryan Robertson: Yeah, you just don't even 34 hours ago.
Chris Alliman MD: Three or four hours ago.
Chris Alliman MD: How much are you using
Ryan Robertson: It varies between like a 2014 say between 20 and 60 day
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. Um, let me. I want to look back at your chart because we've got a lot of things already filled in. So I just want to review those a little bit
Chris Alliman MD: We had noted the tobacco smoking. Are you still smoking.
Ryan Robertson: Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. How much are you smoking.
Ryan Robertson: Like half a pack a day.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And how about alcohol any alcohol use.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, any other drugs, besides the heroin.
Ryan Robertson: Unless it's a little bit of lessons that I mean
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. When was the last time.
Ryan Robertson: Okay, usually like a week ago, probably
Chris Alliman MD: Or we could go. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And let's see, look in here any allergies to medications you
Chris Alliman MD: Know, no. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. Are you taking any medications currently
Ryan Robertson: Nope, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: All right.
Chris Alliman MD: Good.
Chris Alliman MD: Any new surgeries since the last time we talked
Ryan Robertson: No, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, any new family medical problems.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Sounds good.
Chris Alliman MD: Right.
Chris Alliman MD: So why are you wanting to quit this time around, you talked about, you know, the hustle.
Ryan Robertson: Yeah. Plus, I have a girl that you know there was almost two years. And she's like, either you're going to choose our lifestyle or you, you know, are you be with me.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so she kind of gave you the ultimatum and
Ryan Robertson: Have downloaded right
Ryan Robertson: You know she won't let me do methadone. She says it's worse. She's a nurse herself so you know
Ryan Robertson: Yeah, just
Ryan Robertson: She says about
Ryan Robertson: It so she approves of
All right.
Chris Alliman MD: What about done since
Chris Alliman MD: Any hospitalizations or overdoses syncing you
Ryan Robertson: Had an abscess actually got three abscesses and the pathological for
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: That was getting better.
Ryan Robertson: Yeah, I've already cleaned up those about a month ago.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, good. Have you gotten on it sounds like you haven't purchased to ask have you gotten onto Suboxone on your end on your own at this point.
Ryan Robertson: No, but I'm the one that pretty much made this decision, like a bit talk about it.
Ryan Robertson: Or
Ryan Robertson: You know she's getting her that I'm tired of it. So,
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, that's good, kind of brought you that you're the one who made the final decision.
Ryan Robertson: I made the
Ryan Robertson: You know what I brought it up to her, you know,
Ryan Robertson: Getting back on my feet. Get a job and do right
Chris Alliman MD: Any help me remember any children at your house or Tony. I'm good. No.
Ryan Robertson: No, sir. Good.
Chris Alliman MD: And how are you spending the time at this point. What are you doing,
Ryan Robertson: I am I spending, what
Chris Alliman MD: spending the time are you working student unemployed what's
Ryan Robertson: That it's been kind of hanging around the house. I'm normally I don't know. Oops, lonely out on the streets and stuff. No.
Ryan Robertson: Okay, she she likes that. So,
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right.
Chris Alliman MD: Well, we've got most of the rest of your history. I think there's a few things I want to go through here.
Chris Alliman MD: So we need to run through kind of the symptoms, the head to toe symptoms. Alright.
Chris Alliman MD: So we're thinking over the last two weeks with these mainly yes or no questions. So over the last two weeks. Have you had any fevers.
Chris Alliman MD: Know, over the last two weeks. Any nights wins.
Ryan Robertson: Nobody like wake up sweaty. I don't know if it's cuz like I saw like I always sleep with a fan, no matter what. But like this morning I woke up I was sweaty. I didn't
Ryan Robertson: I didn't fix it all yesterday at all.
Ryan Robertson: Okay, it might have been
Ryan Robertson: all day and all night I woke up this morning at like 10 and I was looking sweaty as hell.
Chris Alliman MD: Gotcha. Any chills over the last two weeks.
Ryan Robertson: Just like we withdrawals, you know, not just
Chris Alliman MD: Your any vision changes.
Ryan Robertson: Or know
Chris Alliman MD: If any difficulty hearing
Ryan Robertson: Though
Chris Alliman MD: Any bloody noses.
Ryan Robertson: Actually know what yeah I had a little bloody nose one day.
Ryan Robertson: Okay, just a little more to go blow my nose.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. Any nasal congestion.
Ryan Robertson: Know,
Chris Alliman MD: Lip sores over the last two weeks.
Chris Alliman MD: No neck pain over the last two weeks.
No.
Chris Alliman MD: COUGH.
Ryan Robertson: Yeah yeah
Chris Alliman MD: Shortness of breath.
No.
Chris Alliman MD: Chest pain.
Chris Alliman MD: No stomach pain.
Chris Alliman MD: Skin changes.
Chris Alliman MD: No hair changes.
Chris Alliman MD: No joint pains.
Ryan Robertson: No, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Back pains.
Chris Alliman MD: No headaches.
Chris Alliman MD: No dizziness.
Ryan Robertson: No, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Mood Changes.
Ryan Robertson: Somewhat
Chris Alliman MD: Depression.
Ryan Robertson: Like last two to three weeks.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, anxiety,
Ryan Robertson: You know,
Chris Alliman MD: Was that a yes or no, I'm
Chris Alliman MD: Sorry. Oh.
Ryan Robertson: No, no.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: sleep problems.
Ryan Robertson: No. Well, yeah. Yes.
Ryan Robertson: Okay, when I tried to keep sober.
Ryan Robertson: And I have a problem sleeping.
Chris Alliman MD: Sure hallucinations.
Chris Alliman MD: No suicidal thoughts.
Chris Alliman MD: No hopelessness.
Ryan Robertson: Somewhat. Yes.
worthlessness
Ryan Robertson: Though
Chris Alliman MD: Good.
Chris Alliman MD: Remind me how tall you are
Ryan Robertson: Six foot 175
Chris Alliman MD: Thank you. And let's check your pulse. Okay.
Ryan Robertson: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, tell me when you're ready.
Ryan Robertson: Okay, let's go and put them together in
Chris Alliman MD: Ready, set, go.
Chris Alliman MD: And stop. Where'd you get
Chris Alliman MD: Seven. All right. Very good. And then
Chris Alliman MD: Can you push on your stomach.
Ryan Robertson: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Any pain as you push on your stomach.
Chris Alliman MD: Know. Alright, sounds good.
Chris Alliman MD: Very good.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so, Ryan. We need to get you
Ryan Robertson: Have a question.
Ryan Robertson: Go ahead. Oh coronavirus this whole coronavirus I lost my ID is and they won't allow me to pick up my medication. Is there any way if I
Ryan Robertson: Do you think I could
Ryan Robertson: I don't know. He's he could be possible to put in my girl's name. She has an ID.
Chris Alliman MD: No, I can't change the name on it.
Ryan Robertson: Okay, so what do I need to try to do
Chris Alliman MD: Um, talk with the pharmacy and see what you need to be able to pick it up and then get that
Chris Alliman MD: I have a
Ryan Robertson: I have the one from the DPS from Texas, like the paper one they give you copies of my social my birth certificate
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm not sure what the, I don't know what
Ryan Robertson: I don't know what the pharmacy or whatever.
Chris Alliman MD: I don't know what the farm is going to require rain so you'll have to work with them on it.
Ryan Robertson: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, so what we need to do is get you a prescription
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, so a prescription to kind of get started on things right now, if you remember, if you take Suboxone too early.
it'll kick into rolling
Ryan Robertson: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: How long does it take you to get into like moderate
Withdrawals
Ryan Robertson: Let's see, I fix it all. Yesterday I fixed it.
Chris Alliman MD: Um, I'm losing it here, Ryan.
Chris Alliman MD: I can't hear you anymore.
Ryan Robertson: Actually I fixed. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: I can't hear you. Anymore, Ryan.
Ryan Robertson: Can you hear me.
Chris Alliman MD: Now I can. I miss pretty much everything that you said, Can you go back to the house where the connection was
Ryan Robertson: Better. Well, yeah, I got my Xfinity account on
Ryan Robertson: On so like I say 24 hours because I didn't fix. I think Sunday morning. I didn't fix this morning till like 11 o'clock.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so generally takes about 24 hours to get into moderate withdrawals.
Ryan Robertson: Oh, no, no, no, moderate, I'm gonna say 1212 to 14
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, we don't. So generally, the understanding is, it takes about 72 hours on average for people, some people, it's certainly sooner than that some people it's longer, right. But remember, if you take it too early. It's going to kick into really bad withdrawals.
Chris Alliman MD: So we're talking stomach. Stomach cramping. We're talking sweaty.
Ryan Robertson: People
Chris Alliman MD: But not not horribly bad right
Ryan Robertson: My thing sweating and like I like to take showers do that out.
Ryan Robertson: Yeah I shower.
Chris Alliman MD: Absolutely. So we want you to hold off on using the Suboxone until you're in moderate withdrawals not early withdrawals.
Ryan Robertson: Okay, what do you think 12 to 15 hours.
Chris Alliman MD: I would put it more towards the
Chris Alliman MD: You know, it's different for each person. I can't tell you specifically for you. What I can tell you is on general in the average
Ryan Robertson: It said, I started doing a hot, cold sweats and all that.
Chris Alliman MD: Yep, and stomach cramping.
Ryan Robertson: Yeah, anxious. Legs. Legs.
Ryan Robertson: Legs. Yeah.
Ryan Robertson: Well, nice and take it.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, so I'm going to send you some instructions to your email, I think I gave these to you before, when you're
Chris Alliman MD: Emailing
Chris Alliman MD: Is Robertson Ryan 367 at gmail.com right
Ryan Robertson: I got a new one. Let me give it to
Ryan Robertson: You. This is what to say.
Ryan Robertson: Is
Ryan Robertson: Okay, well then second is Robertson.
Ryan Robertson: Our OB RT. So in 006 at GMAIL. COM
Chris Alliman MD: Okay so Robertson 006 at
Chris Alliman MD: Gmail.
Ryan Robertson: Com hurt our Robertson R 006
Chris Alliman MD: At Robertson Robertson are 00 six@gmail.com
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so I'm going to send you Ryan These instructions on how to start the Suboxone
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So let me it there's too much instructions for them to print it on the package for the Suboxone it's going to be simplified on that. I'm going to email you the specific ones.
Ryan Robertson: So let me kind of
Chris Alliman MD: talk you through that first
Chris Alliman MD: And then you'll get the email.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, so when you're in moderate withdrawals. You take one film of the Suboxone
Chris Alliman MD: Okay then, two to four hours later, you can take another half of film, if you need it.
Okay.
Ryan Robertson: Write it down. Just in case.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Ryan Robertson: So one for
Ryan Robertson: You go, so one
Chris Alliman MD: So one film. Right. It's the film's
Ryan Robertson: Yeah yeah
Chris Alliman MD: So when you're at moderate withdrawals. It's one film.
Ryan Robertson: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And then the other one.
Chris Alliman MD: And then
Chris Alliman MD: Later, two to four hours after that if you need to, you can take half of film.
Ryan Robertson: Okay, and then
Chris Alliman MD: And then two to four hours after that if you need another half of film, you can take another half of film.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so that's the first day on the second day, you start with whatever you took the first day. So if you took two films. The first day you start right away with two films.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And then again, two to four hours later, you can take half of film and two to four hours after that you can take another half of film.
Ryan Robertson: All
Chris Alliman MD: Right, Dave. There's only days, four days in this day three, you take your total from day to
Ryan Robertson: Day total for day two.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes, but, and there's no extra half of films, then
That's a
Chris Alliman MD: Day for
Chris Alliman MD: You only take two films that day. Again, no extra films for the hat for the rest of the day.
Ryan Robertson: Two films, no extra half for a fourth. Yep.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, and then we see where you're at. I know before you were taking the three films a day, and that's okay, but we work it this way to figure where we were at where we're at. OK.
Ryan Robertson: OK. OK.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so I'm going to what pharmacy. Do you use
Ryan Robertson: The CVS or Walgreens CVS. I think you make a central
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so, CBS doesn't like my prescriptions for some reason.
Ryan Robertson: Okay, let me see if I can find
Chris Alliman MD: I've got in your chart. I've got Walgreens on central listed
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Can we do that one.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Okay, that'll work out much, much more smoothly. Okay.
Ryan Robertson: Hello.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. And I'm going to send Narcan in for you also. So you'll have that too.
Ryan Robertson: Okay, cool.
Chris Alliman MD: And then we got to get you connected with a group, the Wednesday evening group that you were part of previously as full I can't put anybody else in that at this point.
Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: All right.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So I'm looking at Friday at 12 noon. Would that work okay for you.
Yeah.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: We'll see what we can do with that one, then
Chris Alliman MD: Alright so Friday at 12 noon. Now remember,
Chris Alliman MD: You need to check in about half an hour ahead of time. There's always a line and there's always paperwork. Right.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, right. So if you tried checking in five minutes before
Chris Alliman MD: You're not going to make it.
Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: So make sure you set reminders. Put it in your calendar with alerts, whatever you need to do.
Chris Alliman MD: I want you there this Friday.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Sounds good.
Ryan Robertson: Sounds good.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, and then we'll work out the
Chris Alliman MD: Therapy from there.
Yeah.
Ryan Robertson: All right. Ryan sounds
Good.
Ryan Robertson: Alright.
Chris Alliman MD: If anything listed
Ryan Robertson: Right.
Chris Alliman MD: What's that
Ryan Robertson: I have your email to you.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, it's my email come through know it's best to send questions through the virtual clinic.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, because I don't check my email, very often.
Ryan Robertson: Okay, so
Ryan Robertson: Do that.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, Ryan. It's good to see you.
Chris Alliman MD: Know, see you then.
Chris Alliman MD: I'll see you Friday at 12 noon. Okay.
Ryan Robertson: Alright, sounds good.
Ryan Robertson: We'll talk to you later. Bye.
Bye.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright so dictation on this patient. This is a re engaging HMP so not as much history, most of it will be the same as previous you have his API there with the varied information DSM five opioid use check West is still the same.
Chris Alliman MD: Psychic impressions with substance abuse and depressive anxiety symptoms level of stress is severe with economic and relationship problems relationships stressors are significant with ultimatum from his girlfriend to choose between drugs or her patient has a
Chris Alliman MD: strong sense of self and good object relations appears concrete on exam patient reports history of psychiatric treatment.
Chris Alliman MD: Have his
Chris Alliman MD: Review of systems and vital signs examples normal assessment plan patient is on an induction plan is listed will send in medication, he has to establish with group on Friday at 12 noon.
Chris Alliman MD: However therapy will be a bias will be with Becca.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, that's it. All right. Thank you.